# OUTSIDE THE BOX QUESTIONS

## 1. How would you calculate the rate of growth for Foodie-Fi?
   


## 2. What key metrics would you recommend Foodie-Fi management to track over time to assess performance of their overall business?

I would recommend Foodie-fi to track the below metrics:

**1. Churn rate:** Tracking customers churn rate would help us identify issues with product or service.

**2. Customer acquisition cost (CAC):** Analyzing this metric would help us understand if a customer is valuable or not by comparing CAC and Revenue generated from that customer.

**3. Average Revenue Per User (ARPU):** this metric heps us to track revenues generated by each customers and improving revenues by targeting potential customers.

**4. Conversion Rate from Trial to Paid Subscription:** This metric helps us identify plans that are effective and plans that need improvement.

**5. Content Engagement Metrics (e.g., Average Time Spent, Most-Watched Shows):** This metric helps us identify user prefernces thereby helping us  to personalize content for each customer.

**6. Customer Satisfaction (Via Surveys or Feedback):** This metric helps identify areas for improvement and assess overall user sentiment.

## 3. What are some key customer journeys or experiences that you would analyse further to improve customer retention?

**1. Customer journeys from trial to paid subscription:** Analyzing the customer journey from start to end can help us better understand upgrading and dowgrading criterias and identify potential issues.

**2. Churned customer journeys:** By comprehending the reasons behind customer departures, Foodie-Fi can proactively tackle the root causes of churn. Examining churn patterns based on demographics, geographic location, or subscription plans can unveil trends and shed light on potential explanations for cancellations.

**3. Customer engagement with specific content types:** Understanding customer engagement can help in the recommendation of personalized shows thereby improving customer engagement time.

**4. Customer feedback and complaints:** Gathering customer feedback through surveys, reviews, and interactions with customer support is a valuable means of gaining insights into areas for improvement and potential feature enhancements

**5. Retention Measures:** Evaluating the effectiveness of various retention initiatives, such as email campaigns, loyalty programs, and personalized recommendations, can enhance customer retention efforts for Foodie-Fi. Pinpointing the most successful campaigns allows for a fine-tuned retention strategy, ultimately enhancing customer engagement.
  
## 4. If the Foodie-Fi team were to create an exit survey shown to customers who wish to cancel their subscription, what questions would you include in the survey?

An exit survey for customers canceling their subscription can includes questions like:

1. Why are you canceling your subscription?
2. Was there something specific you didn't like about our service?
3. Was the price of the subscription a deciding factor in your cancellation?
4. How was the customer support?
5. Were there any technical issues you experienced?
6. Did you find the content you were looking for?
7. How likely are you to recommend Foodie-Fi to a friend?
8. Is there anything we could have done differently to keep you as a customer?  

## 5. What business levers could the Foodie-Fi team use to reduce the customer churn rate? How would you validate the effectiveness of your ideas?


To reduce churn rate the following steps can be followed.

1. Improving content quality and variety and personalising it according to user preferences.
2. Enhancing the user interface for better navigation and smooth onboarding process.
3. Providing better customer support and quick issue resolution.
4. Introducing loyalty programs or rewards for long-term subscribers.
5. Pricing plans at more affordable costs.
6. Engaging with users through email marketing or in-app notifications.
